 I'll call the meeting to order at 6 o'clock.  I'll pull up my agenda.  Wow, that sounds loud.  It sounds really loud.  Louder than normal.  Is that me?  Is that okay?  Okay, all right.  Anyway, just pulling up our agenda here.  So, let's stand for a moment of silence and the Pledge of Allegiance, please.  Thank you, be seated.  We may not have minutes from the previous meeting.  Old business, nothing there.  New business, public hearing.  Ashley, you want to take that?  Well, so I guess, Mr. Chair, so privilege motion, I'd like to make a motion that we  do like a temporary recess, because as far as I can tell, the Artemis 2 launch has  not yet been scrubbed.  It's supposed to be at 6.23.  We could take like a, you know, 8 to 10 minute recess from 6.20 to 6.30 to see if we can  see it through the clouds.  Make a motion.  Okay.  There's a motion.  So do we have a second?  Second.  Any discussion?  As privilege motion, there's no discussion.  No discussion.  Okay.  Sorry.  Yes, sorry.  Making a motion that we have a temporary recess from 6.20 to 6.30.  Okay.  6.20 to 6.30.  Okay.  I fear that there's too much cloud cover, but we'll put that to a vote.  All in favor, please say aye.  Aye.  Opposed, please say no.  No.  Okay.  Motion carries.  And we're moving on to new business, 5A, public hearing, proposed ordinance.  Ashley.  Good morning.  Good evening.  Good afternoon, everybody.  My name is Ashley Carlson.  I'm with the Planning Division.  This is two requests.  I'll go through the first one very quickly because it's a little bit easier.  The first is to amend Figure 5-25.  Basically, a portion of the map was left out during the last update to the land development code.  We're requesting that that be put back in.  Now, the bulk of this request are amendments to the special requirements plan and special requirements map.  At present, these do not allow for any type of office to be on the first floor of units fronting Broadway and a couple of the side streets.  A map is included within the ordinance language.  Now, this proposed ordinance would remove that restriction and basically allow for not complete office on the first floor of Broadway, but finance, real estate, and insurance offices.  Before, I wanted to give you a little bit of a background as to why that restriction was actually in place.  So in 1998, going way, way back, there was a stakeholder committee that was put together by the City Commission.  And they were tasked with reviewing the B-1 zoning district.  That was the zoning district that was in place at that time.  There's a map included in your backup.  But basically, it was Broadway and then about a block off of Broadway.  They were tasked with that because they wanted to review both the land development code requirements, stakeholder interests, as well as the CRA, the community redevelopment area, design manual, and master plan to make sure that everything was aligned and basically to make recommendations to the City Commission about any improvements that could be made to the B-1 zoning district.  As a result of that, the presentation to the City Commission at the time was that because of the city's goals to provide a more human-scaled downtown, promote storefronts, and promote active retail and restaurant uses,  they requested that all office be removed from the first floor fronting Broadway within the B-1 zoning district.  Those changes were made in 1999 and have been in place since.  I would like to mention that these were further, these are further enhanced by the form-based code that was adopted in 2020.  At that time, we actually expanded not only to Broadway but to, again, a couple of the side streets.  Again, this is also supported, this human-scaled development interest is supported by the single-laning of Broadway under the Kanaka semi-development and various other projects that we've had going on over the last almost 30 years.  Now, in December of 2025, the City Commission did direct staff to remove this restriction for finance, insurance, real estate offices on the first floor fronting Broadway and directed staff to do so, considering it would open up these standards.  So, considering that, staff is recommending approval.  Okay, thanks, Ashley.  Board members, any questions or comments?  City?  Go ahead, Alex.  So, you know, yeah, one of the things we're supposed, when we assess text amendments to the land development code, we're supposed to, you know, it's like a four-part test and one of them is whether or not it's, you know, generally consistent with the comprehensive plan.  I guess, in the comprehensive plan, you know, there's several policies too that come to mind.  Policy 1.1.6.5, which was meant to encourage vertical mixed-use buildings within the multimodal transportation district and says that to enable multi-story mixed-use development, lower floors should have more public uses with more private uses on the upper-level floors.  You know, I believe, right, that the area that we're talking about is within the multimodal transportation district, correct?  That is correct.  And I guess uses like fire, you know, like, I guess, would you agree that those are kind of typically more private uses than more public uses?  It's probably why they were restricted to begin with.  Private versus public?  In the sense that they, you know, they access viewability, you know, offices tend not to be inviting pedestrian walkways and things.  Yeah, as mentioned, the interest was typically more for human-scaled pedestrian active uses, but again, the Commission did direct staff to make this amendment.  Okay, I guess this is my question. Thank you.  So, normally I'm not the guy that is in favor of the city or any government entity deciding what you can do with your piece of property.  It doesn't seem like finance or real estate would be more walk-in friendly than any other type of business.  And if someone is in the finance industry, it would be kind of like deciding, okay, well, accounting people can do it that financial planning cannot.  Like, why would the city get involved in trying to decide to that level?  Because they're both the same type of business.  And their impact on what, if the goal is that we want pedestrian traffic,  anybody that would wear a tie to work on a daily basis is going to be essentially the same thing.  It's not. So what is the interest in deciding at all and not allowing one group of people to have a type of business versus another group?  I'm 100% positive. I understand the question. Is it not to open it up to office at all? Is that what your question is? Why not?  It's just if they're going to make an amendment to the code, to make this exception,  why wouldn't we make the exception for anyone else who has a similar type of impact on the goal of the city, which is pedestrian traffic?  Again, this is a directive by the City Commission. They cited these three specific types of office, and that's what we move forward with.  It seems like in downtown, when I'm in my mind just driving through downtown,  you can see that there's certain financial insurance or real estate businesses down there.  They're not really adding necessarily to the specific goal of the city though.  So they have a carve out. How has that impacted the goal of the city?  Oh, how would allowing these impact what we've done in the past?  Is that what you're asking? Okay. It's a lot like Alex said.  These uses typically don't have that transparency, that active storefront, that kind of inviting a bunch of different people.  We want active uses where you can see a bunch of people out.  You can kind of look in, walk around downtown, enjoy some of our restaurants, some of the outdoor dining,  and these type of establishments typically, again, are a little bit more closed off.  So why would we, if that's contrary to the goal of the, stated goal of the city, why would we extend it further?  Because the City Commission has directed us to do so.  Let me see if anybody else has comments or questions first?  Then we'll go back to Alex. Go ahead.  So I noticed included in the packet was a letter from the DKC.  Yes.  They were sort of opposed to the motion stated, but they offered a compromise.  They suggested that instead of allowing fire broadly in the downtown,  which they said in their letter they thought would be sort of antithetical to the pedestrian-oriented design  that the city has in its comprehensive plan,  they suggested only doing it for the buildings that currently don't have  a pedestrian-focused frontage.  How does the city feel about that amendment?  We are going to provide that letter to the Commissioners and cite it in our report.  Now, the PAV is more than welcome.  If you would like to, in your recommendation, maybe make a recommendation to follow the Chamber's letter,  that's very much your right, but at this stage we are doing as directed by the City Commission.  Thank you.  Anyone else?  I'm not ready to make a motion to this effect,  but my thoughts are that the city should be moving towards its own stated goal,  first of all, or it should change its goal so it's one which is in line with  the code that they're requesting be written.  Or emplaced.  There's nothing really compelling that says that there's a good reason why we should be going away  from what the stated goal of the city is,  and there's not really one that says even that the goal of the city necessarily,  which is to limit the type of business that's on the first floor in downtown,  there's no real reasoning for that either,  like in the historical context that you've told us.  So, I mean is that correct?  That sounded more like an opinion, was there a question for me in there?  Is it in line, maybe I'm misunderstanding with the goal of the city,  is this code in line with what the, not with the wishes of the City Commission,  but with the stated or written goals of the city?  This is not necessarily the direction that we have been moving forward,  but it is a directive of our City Commission.  So perhaps then the city should go and maybe reconfigure what its goal is  and make an official policy on what its goal is before we change the code?  That would also be up to the City Commission and they've directed staff to proceed with this.  Okay, so from what I understand from what you're saying is  the idea is certain types of businesses are not what they want  as that pedestrian friendly, oh here's a boutiquey little place,  let's go in, here's a gallery, let's go in and check it out  versus a finance office, a real estate office  and it's not in line, you're saying, with what the city envisions that boulevard to be like?  That has been the thought process since at least 1999 when the standards were changed.  Okay, that was the idea.  Alex, go ahead.  Sorry, I guess this isn't necessarily a question for the city  but I guess now we're just discussing.  Yeah, so I think, you know, the City Commission has their role,  the city staff has their role, we have our role  and in the Land Development Code we are required, you know, under section 14.3.27c  there's a four-part test that we are supposed to apply.  It's our job to decide whether any text amendment that comes before us satisfies four criteria.  So the first of those is whether or not it is generally consistent with the comprehensive plan.  The second is whether it's generally consistent with the purpose and intent of the rest of the Land Development Code.  Three is whether it would create, will not create use compatibility conflicts  and four is whether it promotes the public health safety.  So that's sort of our job is to decide whether these things satisfy those four criteria  and I think both from what the city said, you were saying, and my own reading  in the comprehensive plan there's kind of directly two policies that I feel like this violates.  One was policy 1.1.6.5 to encourage vertical mixed use buildings  within the multimodal transportation district  which specifically says that the lower floors, the ground floors  are more public uses than private uses.  And then policy 1.1.6.3 which requires pedestrian-oriented building design  within the multimodal transportation district  like the city was saying just now, city staff was saying  buildings shall be designed so that transparency, articulation, alcoves, awnings  and other architectural features break up facades with features that are of visual interest  to the pedestrian and reduce perceived scale of our buildings.  So I think, you know, a clear reading of the comprehensive plan  suggests that permitting these less pedestrian-friendly uses  are permitted on other floors.  We're discussing whether to add permission to put them on the ground floor  by precedent for over 30 years, we've sort of decided  this isn't keeping with comprehensive plan.  Our job today is to decide whether it would be keeping with comprehensive plan  to change it. My reading is kind of clear that it would not be.  That's kind of where I'm standing on this.  Okay. Do we have any other comments or questions?  If not, I'll open the floor if anyone wants to make a motion regarding this agenda item.  The motion could be made any which way.  So I do feel like we have a duty to vote and, you know, make our decision.  So I will make a motion that we approve this thing  with the understanding of the Robert rules.  When I make a motion to approve, that doesn't mean that I support,  but it means that we will bring it to a vote.  So I'm going to make a motion that we consider making a recommendation  on item 5A on our agenda.  Consider making a recommendation.  Yeah. I make a motion that we vote to recommend item 5A.  Okay. Do we have a second?  Second.  We have a second. Okay. Now we'll open it to discussion.  Discussion? Beyond what we've already said?  Yeah, go ahead.  I mean, yeah, most downtowns, Mount Dora, Savannah,  have these type of entities walkable to  and it makes, I think personally, makes a quite nice add to the downtowns.  All these offices and insurances have gotten really creative  on what they're putting on window displays  and it's, I think it would be a compliment to what's out there right now.  I'm going to also say that,  and let me say this before we put it to a vote,  if anybody's had any ex parte communications with anybody,  I guess within the city or any research on your own  or site visits to anywhere that would be related to this, please,  or conflicts of interest, please let that be known  and in that spirit, I will say I am a licensed realtor,  but have no interest in trying to open office anywhere downtown.  So just putting that out there.  Any other comments, Alex?  So I guess I appreciate what you're saying.  I guess, yeah, the other thing, I guess I forgot to bring up again,  but yeah, in our packet, there was a letter from the DKC,  the Chamber of Commerce,  and I thought that the suggestion was a good one.  They also, I think, agree with sort of what I was saying  that making this broad change  and permitting these uses on the ground floors  would be, I think, inconsistent with the goals of the comprehensive plan,  but they suggested a compromise,  which is there are at least a couple of buildings in the thing  that are sort of already configured  that don't have kind of pedestrian-friendly frontages  and at least for those buildings,  you could imagine supporting these kind of fire uses.  And I feel like, I mean, that would be something  kind of maybe worth considering or whatever,  but as it stands, the motion that was brought before us,  I think it's sort of a clear,  I think it clearly fails the test that we're supposed to apply.  Yeah.  For the sake of debate in this vote,  I'm not inclined to vote in favor of it.  I think that it would be basically,  let's say that in life,  when you make a series of mistakes,  at any point in time, it's best to correct the mistake  than to continue to make mistakes.  And so I think that making a set of code changes  without correcting the mistake  or without having a question about it,  I think that it would be basically,  let's say that in life,  when you make a series of mistakes,  at any point in time,  making a piece of planner  without it making sense with what they're saying  is what they want  is just adding to a series of mistakes potentially.  I think it's,  one of the mistakes and concerns on my part  is just that it's,  let's say that you are indistinguishable  from an insurance or a financial office,  that you cannot have this type of business.  Then there's, I'm not inclined to accept it  as a different type of business  because what it does is  it creates a lobbying environment  where if you're in a type of business  then you gravitate back to the city commission  and then it creates, in my experience,  a set of problems that  no city benefits from.  So those are my comments.  Anyone else?  I will say that,  I know, I'm thinking about like  Park Avenue, Winter Park.  There are real estate offices there  that don't,  it's not a lot of foot traffic.  People can walk in and see listings  and that sort of thing.  It's not necessarily an eyesore  or anything like that.  It's very professional.  So anyway, that said,  if no one else has any other comments,  vote.  All in favor of the motion.  Now let's be clear  what we're voting for  as far as the motion as it was stated  was stated.  All in favor of the motion  as it was stated  is to approve  the item brought before us.  So we are voting  on whether we approve  the ordinance 2610  and voting code text amendment  to permit these  fire uses.  And so a affirmative  would be to  vote for it and obviously  the opposite would be  you don't want it.  Please say aye.  Aye.  Opposed, please say no.  Okay, majority rules.  Three to two.  I'm sorry, can I do a welcome?  Sorry? Can I do a welcome?  Yeah. Okay.  Wait a minute. No.  Okay. Aline? No.  Robert? Oh, sorry.  Bussier? Bussier.  Yeah,  I vote aye.  Okay, and then Lopez?  Aye.  Good discussion.  5B, public hearing,  roads ordinance.  Point of order.  I think we have  a brief recess.  A recess at this point.  Yes, go ahead.  And I will turn off on that.  So just addressing item 5B,  there was a miscommunication  between Development Services  and City Attorney's Office.  City Attorney's Office has not  conducted its  typical review of item 5B  as a result,  I recommend that  you all take no action on it  and then we'll bring it back  before this board.  And also,  legal review could change  the content of the ordinance,  so it might not be  productive to  have a discussion about  the ordinance and its current  version.  Do we get a motion to table  this in the future  or are we just  passed?  Okay.  Do we have a motion?  So moved.  Okay, motion.  Do we have a second?  Second.  Any discussion?  All in favor,  please say aye.  Aye.  Opposed,  please say no.  Hearing none,  public hearings.  Nothing on that agenda.  Item 7, discussion.  Any discussion?  Nope.  Here, Chairman  and Board members.  I guess I had intended  to make my other motion,  but I will  also  decline to make that today.  I will once again give notice  that I intend to make  the same motion I intended to make.  Very good.  Number 8, here, Chairman.  Nothing from me.  Do you have anything today?  You can't wait till next time?  Okay.  Adjournment.  I should make a motion to adjourn.  Actually, I don't have to have a vote, I'm told.  So,  meeting adjourned,  6.32.  I was used for not mentioning that before the recess.  Okay.  No,  sorry, sir.  Nice to meet you.  Nice to meet you.  Nice to meet you.  Nice to meet you.  Nice to meet you.  Nice to meet you.  Nice to meet you.  Nice to meet you.  Nice to meet you.  Nice to meet you.  We have one minute and 53 seconds.